e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\CrudFinal.exe.config
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\CrudFinal.exe
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\CrudFinal.pdb
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal_MarkupCompile.lref
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.g.resources
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.exe
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\CrudFinal\CrudFinal\obj\Debug\CrudFinal.pdb
