e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.exe.config
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.exe
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.pdb
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio_MarkupCompile.lref
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.g.resources
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.exe
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.pdb
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.ProcessingObjectModel.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.DLL
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio.Form1.resources
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\SqlServerTypes\x64\msvcr120.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\SqlServerTypes\x64\SqlServerSpatial140.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\SqlServerTypes\x86\msvcr120.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\SqlServerTypes\x86\SqlServerSpatial140.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHS\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHT\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHS\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHT\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHS\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHT\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Design.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHS\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\bin\Debug\zh-CHT\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
e:\Users\Vanderson\Documents\CursoCsharpSenai\Aplicativos WPF\PrimeiroRelatorio\PrimeiroRelatorio\obj\Debug\PrimeiroRelatorio_Content.g.cs
